feat: add support for named components (#94)
famiu/feline.nvim: README.md

Note that you can omit all of the component values except `provider`, in which case the defaults would be used instead. A component can have the following values:

> - `name` (string): If provided, it allows easily accessing the component for modifying it without having to know or remember its indices using `require('feline').components[component_name]`. If that's not needed, however, then the component name can be omitted without any issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` (string): If provided, it allows the component to be easily modified without having to know or remember its indice using `require('feline').components[component_name]`. If that's not needed, then the component name can be omitted without any issues.
```
